doc(docs) : documentation about using xdebug with vscode, how to add test data with using fixtures, and an example on how to create a new domain in AgentJ (#279)
Probesys/agentj: docs/README.md

Read more to learn [how to send and receive emails during development.](/docs/dev_mail.md)

> Add test data into your database with
>
>`scripts/console doctrine:fixtures:load --append`
>

> > This **will not** delete existing data.

Reviewer: Je mettrais cette partie juste avant le lien pour se loguer, et pas besoin d’utiliser la notation `>` qui crée une citation (s’en est pas une :P)

The development stack provides a LDAP server.
To use it, you must create a `example.com` domain in AgentJ.

- Active domain: ☑️ *(check the box)*
- Domain name: `example.com`
- SMTP server: `smtp.test`

> - SMTP port: 25

Reviewer: Top 👍

- `charlie@example.com` / `secret`
- `dominique@example.com` / `secret`

### Working with XDebug in VsCode

> **Xdebug** is a PHP extension that enables advanced debugging capabilities. It allows you to set breakpoints, inspect variables at runtime etc...All from your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Xdebug** is a PHP extension that enables advanced debugging capabilities. It allows you to set breakpoints, inspect variables at runtime, etc. All from your IDE.
```

> >Xdebug is **already installed** in the `app` Docker image provided by this project. You can see the xdebug configuration including the XDEBUG_SESSION value in `app/docker/files/docker-php-ext-xdebug.ini` , example : `xdebug.idekey=netbeans`

Reviewer: Pareil, on ne veut pas faire une citation ici. Par contre on peut éventuellement marquer ça comme un bloc info :

```suggestion
> [!INFO]
> Xdebug is **already installed** in the development `app` Docker image provided by this project. You can see the Xdebug configuration in [`app/docker/files/docker-php-ext-xdebug.ini`](/app/docker/files/docker-php-ext-xdebug.ini)
```

> To use Xdebug with VS Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Debug with VS Code

```

> 1. Install the **PHP Debug** extension from xdebug.com in VS Code then restart the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the **PHP Debug** VS Code extension (from xdebug author);
```

> 2. If not done already, go to *Run and Debug* and add a new configuration for php debugging, then open the file `.vscode/launch.json` (see example below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to *Run and Debug*, add a new configuration for PHP debugging, then replace the file `.vscode/launch.json` by the following:
```

            "/var/www/agentj/": "${workspaceFolder}/app"
        }
        },
        {
            "name": "Launch currently open script",
            "type": "php",
            "request": "launch",
            "program": "${file}",
            "cwd": "${fileDirname}",
            "port": 0,
            "runtimeArgs": [
                "-dxdebug.start_with_request=yes"
            ],
            "env": {
                "XDEBUG_MODE": "debug,develop",
                "XDEBUG_CONFIG": "client_port=${port}"
            }
        },
        {
            "name": "Launch Built-in web server",
            "type": "php",
            "request": "launch",
            "runtimeArgs": [
                "-dxdebug.mode=debug",
                "-dxdebug.start_with_request=yes",
                "-S",
                "localhost:0"
            ],
            "program": "",
            "cwd": "${workspaceRoot}",
            "port": 9003,
            "serverReadyAction": {
                "pattern": "Development Server \\(http://localhost:([0-9]+)\\) started",
                "uriFormat": "http://localhost:%s",
                "action": "openExternally"
            }
        }
    ]

> }

Reviewer: On a besoin uniquement de "Listen for Xdebug", les deux autres blocs ne fonctionneront pas avec AgentJ, donc autant les virer et filer un fichier de conf minimal qui fonctionne :

 
```suggestion
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "Listen for Xdebug",
            "type": "php",
            "request": "launch",
            "port": 9003,
            "pathMappings": {
                "/var/www/agentj/": "${workspaceFolder}/app"
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

```
</details>

3. In the "Listen for Xdebug" block , paste the configuration below (replace the existing),
<details>
<summary> see the <strong>configuration block</strong> </summary>

```json
{
    "name": "Listen for Xdebug",
    "type": "php",
    "request": "launch",
    "port": 9003,
    "pathMappings": {
        "/var/www/agentj/": "${workspaceFolder}/app"
    }
},
```

> </details>

Reviewer: Donc plus besoin de ça :

```suggestion
```

> 4. Start the debug session in VS Code : you can now move to your navigator and trigger it by sending a request with the argument XDEBUG_SESSION=netbeans (you need to add it manually in the url).

Reviewer: On va en profiter pour renommer le nom de la session Xdebug parce que c’est pas très logique de la lier à Netbeans qu’on n’utilise plus ici :

```suggestion
4. Start the debug session in VS Code: you can now open your navigator and trigger it by sending a request with the argument `XDEBUG_SESSION=agentj`, e.g. [localhost:8090?XDEBUG_SESSION=agentj](http://localhost:8090?XDEBUG_SESSION=agentj)
```

5. place breakpoints and start debugging !

> **Example `launch.json` configuration:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
